Rockaway Yard was the conclusion of the C line, a place far beyond where anyone important needed to go. The sunlight reflected off of the train's exteriors, there had to be at least 10 of them behind the iron fence that was tipped with barbed wire. Some of the windows were cracked, others were replaced with wood boards. The air was overheated, but the sky was a thick gray. A dead pigeon lay on the sidewalk. I began to recite a theme from an old Video Game I used to play, the one that had a city you could get to by diving or flying... as memories of synthetic beeps course through my mind, I come to the realization that I have no recollection of what course of events has resulted in my presence of Rockaway Yard. In the middle of my systems class, feeling vacant and tired, I let my gaze wander across the series of t-shirts hanged on the ceiling, where they lingered, as they always do, on the shirt reading EPIC Gamer. I blinked, and the next thing I remember I was at Rockaway Yard, nursing a feeling of dread and sweating profusely from the sweltering heat of an impossibly hot winter day.

Looking around, I came to the realization that there was no evidence of living persons anywhere I could see; further, there was no evidence of living *anything*. What I had the most in common with was the dead pigeon -- it was once alive, but was no longer. I started to wonder if I was still alive, or if I had suddenly ceased to exist in the middle of class. Crouching down by the Pidgeon, I inhaled the pungent scent of burning hair, as well as the lingering fragrance of vanilla, and realized the Pidgeon was no Pidgeon at all, merely soft-serve ice-cream that had begun to congeal in the extreme heat. The haze of heat was making me delirious and nauseous. Scrutinizing again the area around me, I winced as suddenly I was blinded by an intense beam of light. I was able to make out the smudgy silhouette of a figure deliberately approaching me, although the intense light radiating from the crown of its head made it impossible to make out any details. As the figure's shoes hit the ground, they emitted an anguished screech, like nails on a chalkboard. The figure stopped some 10 paces from me, and began to rifle through some vaguely rectangular object which seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. I realized, then, what had happened. I had died in systems class, and this man, his head surrounded by a halo glowing with the force of a thousand suns, was some angel who was about to tell me that I had been sentenced to an eternity in hell. The shape cleared its throat and inquired "Teddy Paydurs?". I had always imagined the voice of an angel to be beautiful and lilting, not harsh and guturall and plebian with a thick Brooklyn accent. "Teddy Paydurs,", the voice repeated again, "Yu'h unpruhpayurd." The figure seemed to make a mark in its smudgy rectangle, and moved on, calling "Rich Udd Zuh Hang?", his voice echoing off of nonexistant walls, the sunlight glinting off its shiny baldness.

I'm reading a book. The eloquence of the prose lulls me into a state of numbness as my legs wither away. "This but unironically. Oof. Okay, now this is epic. @Lobster#4819 in real life. It's funny because" I read. I feel my eyelids begin droop, but even as they close I see the same phrases etched upon the insides of my retinas, inescapable and soothing. I read them again, and then again, discovering hidden nuances in their articulation and subtle wordplay not immidiately obvious through a cursory examination. I am floating through a void, buoyed by nothing but eloquence. This is hell, but real hell is elsewhere. In systems, I am told that semaphore operations are atomic. I consider cracking a joke about the superiority of emacs, but realize there is no point. I return to nowhere. I am a passive observer to the events of my life, swept up in hours spent agonizing over blinking nothingnesses.

The ready position: knees bent, arms out, ready to set. I learn more from Mr. Barbin that from anywhere else. He tells the class about the athlete's stance, but I see past his words to his true meaning. His throughts pulsate like hail: I. Own. Your. Soul. I wonder if anyone else can understand what Mr. Barbin is telling the class. I stare past his eyes, and into his soul, and see a blackness so dark I can't remember what light looks like. He tells me to go to a volleyball game. Thoughtlessly, I am there, but I am nowhere. I see players bump and set the ball, I see there ready stances, but none of it registers. Nothing is really there but Mr. Barbin, sitting on a folding chair and drinking coffee from a paper cup, staring relentlessly at me for an eternity. Everything else is just a shadow on the floor cast by dirt on the windows. Mr. Barbin is not alive, not really. He is an autotomaton, the universe's response to man. He is the antithesis of the social norms that have become ingrained and accepted in our everyday lives, a grim reminder that they are as meaningful and secure as a house of eggshells and Elmer's glue. I have never seen him blink.

I wear my Stuyvesant gym uniform everywhere now. Every time I look in the mirror, I see Mr. Barbin's spectral figure passively observing me. I think I can see his shadow too. I try not to imagine from where Mr. Barbin derives his power. I picture a bloated leach his face, its slick, bald skin glistening with blood, burrowed into a heart and slowly consuming the weak flow of blood barely sustaining the life of his consenting victim. I see Mr. Barbin with a shovel, sifting through the sand on some abandoned beach, finding and eating small rocks. Mr. Barbin stripping copper wires and stabbing them into his forearms, his thighs, his scalp, connecting them to hundereds of 9 volt bateries wired in series, ravenously consuming the electrical jolts. Sometimes Mr. Barbin materializes in my bedroom. I have thrown out my pajamas, and must wear my gym uniform to sleep. I can't wash it, as Mr. Barbin's reflection appears in the glass lid of my laundry machine with bloodshot eyes and razor-sharp fangs, asking me where my gym clothes are between bites of my flesh. I wear my gym clothes into the shower. They have begun to fall apart, and the Stuyvesant label has all but completely faded. I would buy new gym clothes, but if I try to change into them I cannot guarantee Mr. Barbin will not find me, cold and naked and shivering and unprepared.

Anyone who once interacted with me now avoids me. I attribute this to my fraying rags that were once gym clothes, and the spectre of Mr. Barbin that incessantly hovers over my shoulder. I no longer can take showers, as Mr. Barbin tells me that anymore damage to my gym clothes will make them invalid attire, and he would be forced to consider me unprepared. I wallow in a pit of unending filth, but Mr. Barbin at least I have pleased. I cut classes to sneak into gym with Mr. Barbin. I know where he teaches, where he goes during his lunch period, and how he returns to his house. When he is feeling generous, Mr. Barbin enlists me to help him feed, tasking me with luring children into the ball cupboard of the playground where he has set up a rack of filet knives amidst piles of basketballs and volleyballs. I am thankful for this oppurtunity to be near Mr. Barbin, and sometimes in his infinite magnanimy he even tosses me some of the grisly strips he slices off, not being worthy of his consumption. These am able to catch because I have learned from him to always stand in a ready position.

A certain dark energy permeates the insulated plaster walls of Room 413. In the windows I faintly see Mr. Barbin standing on a table, computers overturned and projector fallen, viscious black blood congealing around the base of the table around blurry corpses. Mr. Barbin looks placid and as he stares from the table at me, his sneakers elevated above possible crimson stains. The blood hardens and Mr. Barbin walks out of the room. Through the window, the sun peeks through a cloud and strikes my eye. Then I see 413 as I would expect it once again, and notice that once again someone has left a provocative drawing on the whiteboard.

I have discovered a solution to my ragged, unclean gym clothes. Every week, I buy a new pair of gym clothes, put them on on top of my old pair, and then pull my arms into the the sleeves of the t-shirt of my gym uniform, and pull the old pair out through the collar of my new uniform. To get off my pants, I have to put both of my legs through one of the legs of my pants, and then pull the inner pair out through the bottom of the pant leg. Mr. Barbin seems pleased by my more presentable attire. The school has become suspicious of the quantity of gym clothes I purchase, so now I am forced to buy them from William Lu. He resells the gym clothes at nearly double the cost that the school sells them at, but I have little choice. My parents blame my younger brother for missing money. I wrap a blanket around me while I walk around the house so as not to alert them to my choice in attire.

I have tried going into churches, mosques, synagogues, embassies, but Mr. Barbin can follow me anywhere. Even the girl's locker-room is not safe from his presence. Books on dealing with malevolent spirits are useless; Mr. Barbin transcends the power of any other known entity. I wonder if Mr. Barbin is God; I realize that this cannot be, but if gods have a God then surely it is Mr. Barbin. I notice all depictions of Jesus show him in a ready stance; I see his name mis-pronounced differently across the world. "Gee Suss." "Hey Zeus." Mr. Barbin tells me "Jay Zus" is correct. All depictions of Jesus show him in a ready stance, always wearing the same clothing; clothing that served as a primitive gym uniform in the days before Stuyvesant Highschool or sophisticated textile manufacturing. If Jesus was also followed by Mr. Barbin, am I the next messiah? It seems likely; Mr. Barbin would grace no ordinary man with his attention, and as founder and president of the Computer Interaction Club I am definetley above ordinary. Making posters for the Computer Interaction Club, upon reflection, differs not at all from the preaching of Jesus, only the medium has become more modern and the message more meaningful. I suppose crucifixtion in this age is failing Physical Education class. I do not intend to walk meekly to my slaughter as Jesus did; I fear in the afterlife I will not be equipped in my gym uniform.

It is winter. To keep warm, I wear several Stuyvesant gym uniforms over one another. I am no longer able to cut class to spend more time with Mr. Barbin, as I am on the verge of flunking out of Stuyvesant, which would mean my student ID would be taken away which would mean I would be unable to enter the building which would mean I would be unable to go to gym class with Mr. Barbin. I know it is withing Mr. Barbin's power to bring me into his gym class, but I fear I am too beneath his notice to ask such a favour of him. In systems class, I vacantly stare at the the t-shirts at the ceiling, registering nothing. A lobster scuttles angrily adjacent to part of Italy. As they always do, my eyes linger on a t-shirt that says EPIC Gamer, and I feel a slight pang of longing. It is enough. I am back in Rockaway Yard. I sit surrounded by congealing pools of soft-serve ice-cream, waiting. Gradually, Mr. Barbin fades out of the haze. "Teddy Paydurs." I look down at my shirt, and see that I am not wearing my Stuyvesant gym attire, but the EPIC Gamer shirt. "Yu'h unpruhpayurd Aggin. Won murr tie mmm an' I gotta flunk yuh. I don' wan duh flunk yuh" A cold sweat drips down my deformed spine. Mr Barbin reaches his hand out to me, and with his fingernail saws off my ear. Wordlessly, he fades away again. I am back in 307, in mute shock as my classmates attempt to distance themselves from the geyser of blood that has erupted from my ear. Thankfully, I am once again in my gym uniform, although it is now stained with blood. I am taken to the nurses office, then to a hospital. My gym clothes are almost removed from me, but they remain firmly inplace after Teddy Paydurs bites the hand of one of the nurses making the attempt. Teddy Paydurs is almost sedated, concievably for the purpose of preventing further biting. However, Teddy Paydurs is able to convince the already nervous doctor he is deathly allergic to anathesic, and would rather be operated on lucid. Any pain Teddy Paydurs would feel during the operation is supplanted by his dread of failing Mr. Barbin a third time.

In an act of spite, I promoted Mohammed Uddin to 4th President of the Computer Interaction Club. To the untrained observed, this might seem like something that Mohammed Uddin ought to be enthused about. However, anyone who has attended the Computer Interaction Club at least once in the last 8 months will quickly understand that the position of 4th President holds absolutely no power, and Mohammed Uddin's promotion was nothing more than a pointless act taken out of boredom, and will bring to Mohammed Uddin nothing more than marginally increasing the number of asinine jokes Benson is able to make about him in real life. The thought of how Mr. Barbin would pronounce "Uddin" is something that sheer terror urges me not to consider. Even I have difficulty properly articulating his name. I understand he has some desire to change his name to Lobster. This I strongly have advised him against, because Mr. Barbin is unlikely to restrain himself from ruthlessly bullying a child named "Lobster" by calling him "Crab," mispronouncing "Crab" in some abstract and indescribable manner in the process. My mother has tried to medicate me in response to the recent manifestation of a stutter and general "paranoia." However, I know Mr. Barbin would be displeased as a true athlete would never take preformance enhancing drugs, so I gradually flush my prescriptions down the toilet, a pill at a time so as not to cause suspicion.

The results of Teddy Paydur's research on how to legally change one's name: The proposed name change must be legal, which means it must not violate copyright, not contain numbers or special characters (roman numerals are allowed), or be changed with the attempt to impersonate another person or mislead others about your identity. Then, a petition must be filled out. In the case of a minor, as with Teddy Paydurs, parental consent is required. The relevant form can be found here on https://www.nycourts.gov/courts/nyc/civil/forms/NameChangeMinor.pdf (for the state of New York, Teddy Paydur's current state of residence). In addition to this form, Teddy Paydurs will need a notarized consent form signed him and his other parent, and his Birth Certificate. Teddy Paydurs conducted this research on WikiHow. As Teddy Paydurs has yet to be convicted of a crime, a certificate of disposition for the conviction is unecessary. Mr. Barbin cannot be wrong, the basic laws of nature disallow it. Additionaly, there is a $65 fee, and a hearing might be required to approve the name change. After approval, the new name needs to be published in a newspaper within 60 days, and an affidavit of publication must be submitted to the court clerk within 90 days. It is also possible to avoid the step of publication if sufficient proof can be provided that publishing the name change could cause harm to affected parties. Then, a certified court order can be obtained and submitted to any relavent agencies to enforce the name change. Surely the mistake must lie elsewhere; likely with Teddy Paydurs. Teddy Paydur's expects the biggest obstacles to be aquiring the consent of his parents and finding a newspaper willing to publish the name change (although perhaps newspapers are required by law to publish this information, so this might end up creating little difficulty).

And suddenly, January is ending. The last weeks of that first semester are little more than a haze of mania and terror. But now, I feel a faint flicker of hope: 9th period gym, on A days, with Mr. Wong.

I am now in tune with the fundamental forces of the universe. Mr. Barbin can no longer sinisterly invoke me as he did before. When I see him in the reflection of the dusty, rain-streaked subway window, he looks scared. I still wear my physical education uniform, but I am no longer plagued by a constant sense of unease. Today is thursday, which means I will create a poster for the Computer Interaction Club tonight. Recently, my posters have been dark, featuring abstract representations of Mr. Barbin in various states of decay. Tonight I create a poster hearkening back to better days, when meetings lasted to 19:30 without fear of suddenly being kicked out of the building by security officers or worse. The days when we were actually able to meet in Room 413, before the epidemic of locked doors an ever-absent Mr. Wilson relocated us to Room 429. The poster I hang depicts unofficial mascot Harold consuming a bag of chips, his tongue transforming into an endless road along the sides of which the chips have set up a Type II civilization. "The Computer Interaction Club: Not Just a Chip Off the Old Block." I mirthfully chuckle as I tape the poster inbetween the doors of the lunchroom, clearly visible to anyone entering the cafeteria. The other posters hung there were all printed in black and white, and depict a clear lack of significant effort. Fools that do not own a color printer or are not proficient in GIMP should not be attempting to make posters. The advertising department of the Computer Interaction Club is a specially selected team of some of the most talented individuals in Stuyvesant High School, likely even the planet. At this point, other club's sorry attempts at self-promotion evoke little more in my that pity and contempt.

The Computer Interaction Club usually gathers outside of Room 413 and waits 5 precious minutes hoping for Mr. Winston to arrive, an event so unlikely it defies quantification. The continually diminishing sliver of hope that Mr. Wilson will actually arrive to open the room, we move to Room 429, where we have been forced to hold our meetings for essentially the entirety of this school year. By no means is 429 a bad room, as it has a functioning projector, but the rows of computers in Room 413 make it superiour, as people who are unable to use the Wii are able to play flash games on the school computers. In fact, one member attends the club exclusively to play flash games. Flash games kid, as he was called (How Mr. Barbin would pronounce such a name completely petrifies me), was both the clubs greatest blessing and its eventual downfall. Perhaps most notable in illustrating the how  Flash games kid served as a stable foundation upon which the rest of the club was built: one friday the Patriot's Club held a change my mind debate in support of Donald Trump's proposed plan to nationalize the public outreach division of the Computer Interaction Club. While the rest of the club and I rolled over, in formation on those comfy wheeled chairs, Timothy stayed all by himself in Room 413, diligently playing flash games in silence, ensuring the Computer Interaction Club maintained its ownership of the room and offering an assurance to any late stragglers that the club was still meeting on that day.

However, this sense of hope and confidence was ultimately foolhardy. My blind confindence had advanced to the point that on Fridays, I would wear my Computer Interaction Club T-Shirt in place of my Stuyvesant Gym Uniform. I would let Benson into my house, uninvited and unnanounced, without fear he was Howard Barbin in some spectral disguise. It ended one cool april friday afternoon, though at the time I would not know it. At first, it seemed as if it would turn out to be one of the best meetings our club had ever held: the janitor, named Kenneth and not at all bald, let us into Room 413, telling us that last time we had left on the projector (but he said that every time we saw him, for some reason, so we paid it little heed). Early in the meeting, Elias Bernstien showed up for 5 minutes before leaving to play badminton. Later, Daniel Z Hang arrived with a box of dominos pizza, which Mohammed Uddin couldn't even eat because it had pepperoni on it, meaning more for the rest of us.  Compelled by the success of the meeting so far, I made the fateful choice to not force everyone to leave the room at 5, as was mandated by both the school and more importantly rule 7. At around 7:30, the School Security breached the door to our room, and through a miasma of tear gas prodded us at gunpoint to give them our Stuyvesant IDs. For most of the club members, this seemed unimportant. What could the School seriously want to do with the individual atendees of the club? More likely was a punishment to the club as a whole: but they didn't need our IDs to do that. Perhaps they would call our parents, but that was unlikely to result in serious reprecussions, as everyone seemed to think the Computer Interaction Club was a computer science and graphic design club (maybe even game development). However, the thought of a call home gripped Flash games kid in a terror so stark it is impossible to describe. As it turned out, Flash games kid's reason for attending the club was that, at home, his mother wouldn't let him play video games. His fear of the consequences of his mother finding out he had sneakily been playing video games afterschool was so great it occluded his ability to think rationally, of how he could convince his mother that it was an academic club, or any other lie he could tell. So, Flash games kid gave the school security officers his ID, and as soon as they had moved on to threatening the next interacter in the row, he ran. He ran though the door and out of the school and away from his life and was never seen nor heard from again by any member of the club. Perhaps his mother caught up to him, perhaps he is still alive making minimum wage doing manual labour on some dusty Nevada farm. Either way, he was the lucky one.

It turns out school security had no grand plans of punishing us, and the guns and tear gas and confiscation of our IDs was meant to scare us into ending the club at five. After giving an intimidating speech, they returned to each of us our ID cards, and watched as we abashedly walked out of the building. Flash games kid's ID, however, they had scarce idea what to do with, and they gave it to Mr. Moran. With it, they were obliged to provide the full story as to how they had aquired it and why they couldn't return it. Normally, such rote school security behavior like clearing out clubs staying too late or confiscating vapes from kids in the 3rd floor bathroom doesn't merit such a report to Mr. Moran. Alas, Flash games kid's panic had doomed us all. Mr. Moran listened motionlessly throughout the tale, the only indication he was alive being a slight twitch in his mouth at the mention of the hunchback kid in the Computer Interaction Club shirt.

It's worth understanding what kind of being Mr. Moran was. He would wait sadistically just beside the entrance of the school, with the sole purpose of confiscating the cell phone of anyone who pulled it out steps before exiting the school premises, technically a violation of the school's cell phone policy. He was the entity that tore down my campaign posters when I ran for student government (incidentally, I won, beating both George McBarron and Mohammed Uddin). He was the entity that forced me to go to a psychologist after making fun of some kid for cutting class when he finally showed up after being totally absent for the first 3 months of the semester (which apparently I wasn't supposed to do because the kit was suicidal which I don't know how I was supposed to know). This level of unchecked agression might be difficult to comprehend, but the explanation is simple: Mr. Moran, too, is bald.

And soon, Mr. Barbin knew. The thing that mattered to me, the way for him to hurt me the most. He burst through the door, creating a cloud of plaster dust where he pulled them from the wall, with clipboard in hand and a blank expression. "Awl roight," he said, and then with the utmost purpose and composure began shouting out phrases of complete gibberish. Everyone in the room stared at him in a confused rapture as he continued his rythmical utterances, occasionally glancing at his clipboard. Then, finally, came a phrase I understood. "Teddy Paydurs?" he asked. With a sinking dread, I had realized what was happening: Benson Goldman, Andrew Honkman, George McBarron, Jonathan Singer, they had all been marked absent. "Here," I managed to croak through my panic. Barbin made a vague gesture that could have been a nod or a grimace, and then said what must have been Mohammed Uddin. As I feared, the pronunciation was so completely unintelligble there was no way poor Mohammed could have responded. Then, using sounds I thought no human vocal chords could create, Mr. Barbin told us that if we cut we fail, and around me everyone's scalps bulged outward and burst in a shower of pulpy blood and bone fragments and they started smoking and melting into the pool of blood on the floor and their clothes caught fire and their eyballs broiled and oozed and their jaws fell off and their teeth were forced loose by geysers of blood and a flying shard of bone cut my arm and I saw Mr Barbin wipe a splatter of red off of his shiny bald head and leave and the blood had risen almost to the seat of the chair I was sitting on hugging my knees and someone's face floated just above the sea of blood and they tried to scream but they just gagged and then the blood flowed into their mouth and they went back under the surface and the cockroaches came and went and then then the only sound was the whirr of the computer fans and I walked out and the blood has already congealed so my shoes didn't even get wet and in the hallway Kenneth told me to make sure the projector was off and when I left the school I looked at my watch and it was 4:59 and I turned around and at the security desk someone gave me an apporiving nod.
